19 Jan:
The three human day laborers from #6 Crooked Way find themselves in the establishment once known as "5th Pub." Much like any other day, there are more laborers than there are labors so they've been entertaining themselves with simple pub games. Unfortunately for ex-convicts with such backgrounds, there are not many better ways to spend a day. It's nearly evening now. A figure in a heavy cloak approaches the corner table where they sit.

Three questions today:
What's your name?
Why did you go to prison?
What's your favorite animal?

Rosamyde Gwainthe: Leviathan Charm, Cutpurse, will take 2d10 roll for permanent injury. First task will be a lead on her brother's whereabouts.
Holly "Hacksaw" Hollystone: Hawk Charm, Bootlegger
Pencil Fairchild: Ant Charm, Burglar

Reply to only me with your answers. Keep them short, <20 words ideally. Use generalities, I'll help you fill in all the blanks before the game :)

25 Jan:
"What do you know of the Prism?" asks the figure. Everyone in the city knows the Prism. It stands at the exact center of of the round city. It stretches above the clouds and is believed to pierce the world's heart as well. Some say it is a mystery, others say it contains the answer to every mystery. It is worshipped and feared, ignored and visited. "It's a lynch pin," offers Pencil. "It holds reality together."

Three questions today:
What's your tattoo?
Who do you serve?
Where were you apprenticed?

Reply to only me with your answers. Keep them short, <20 words ideally. Use generalities, I'll help you fill in all the blanks before the game :)

1 Feb:
"It is," says the mysterious stranger. A letter lays on the table between the three. The address, written in violet ink:
    Marie-Denise Santonnkin
    Prism Balcony
The three look up. "They're gone!" Hacksaw remarks. The stranger had vanished from the pub. "So what do we do now?"

Three questions today:
What is your weapon of choice?
What is the desire of your heart?
Why would you leave the city?

Reply to only me with your answers. Keep them short, <20 words ideally. Use generalities, I'll help you fill in all the blanks before the game :)

8 Feb:
The three returned to #6 Crooked Way to gather their gear and set off to the Prism. They walk down Crooked Way, up Track Stretch and then all the way back down Prism Strait. As they approach the ancient but modest door of the Prism, a sensation washes over each of them. "Are we ready?" Asks Rosamyde. Glancing around, the three of them push the door open together and step into the Landing...

Three questions today:
What is the color of the sky at dawn?
Who have you lost?
How do you use your influence?

Reply to only me with your answers. Keep them short, <20 words ideally. Use generalities, I'll help you fill in all the blanks before the game :)
